**SEB 2.1.3 for macOS Preview Version**

Here you can find the current pre-release build of the next release of SEB for macOS. You can support us by testing the pre-release version and give feedback in our forum or by creating an issue here on our GitHub page. 


New in SEB 2.1.3GM3 for macOS:
- Fixed starting SEB by opening a config file doesn't close full screen apps on second display.
- Fixed Config Key not correctly updated when editing client settings which were generated by an older SEB version.
- Correctly fixed that changing settings when Exam Pane is displayed doesn't trigger "save changed settings" warning.


New in SEB 2.1.3GM2 for macOS:
- Refactored startup process to correctly initialize SEB if it is started directly (using client settings) or by opening a config file. Now client settings are not considered at all when starting SEB by opening a config file or config link.
- Fixed problems while opening new settings when alerts were open in SEB.
- Enable all Function Keys in Hooked Keys (Win) default settings.
- Fixed changing settings when Exam Pane is displayed doesn't trigger "save changed settings" warning.
- Fixed SEB freezing (concurrency issue) when opening new settings while Exam Pane is displayed.
- "Don't Apply" changed settings in Preferences window freezes SEB for minutes.
- Added new setting for checking if SEB process was stopped.
- Fixed Preferences window not working correctly on OS X 10.8 (bad auto layout support!) by allowing to open Preferences starting macOS 10.9.
- Fixed reload (with confirm message) not working on macOS 10.7/10.8 (on non fullscreen browser windows).
- Added information on how to solve an issue with the Force Quit window alert: "If the window isn't open and this alert is displayed anyways, restart your Mac.".
- Updated Safari version string to latest Safari version "Version/11.1.1" and 605.1.15 for user agent string.
- Fixed dictation wasn't recognized in one of the weird setting combinations for dictation in macOS.
- Fixed two possible issues with API methods which aren't available on macOS 10.7 or 10.10 < 10.10.3.
- Fixed incompatible constraints (with older macOS versions) in Config File and Browser tab.
- Now preventing editing of log messages in lock screen.
- Fixed displaying correct time the SEB process was interrupted (in lock screen and HUD).


New in SEB 2.1.3GM for macOS:
- Now refusing to start an exam which hasn't been submitted properly before, displaying lock screen including log entries from the previously interrupted exam.
- Now preventing that SIGSTOP could be used to freeze SEB and to cheat undiscovered.
- Added new setting to allow SEB installation in user's ~/Applications folder. By default, it's now only allowed to start SEB from the /Applications folder.
- Fixed SEB crashing when using Teach URL Filter feature by properly releasing the preferences window including the Network / Filter table view. 
- Added Win Registry setting insideSebEnableNetworkConnectionSelector to Security pane and Settings.
- Updated German localization.


New in SEB 2.1.3pre1 for macOS:
- Added new Config Key, which can be generated server-side and doesn't change if same settings are loaded in a new SEB version which adds new setting keys.
- Added browser user agent suffix setting option.
- Fixed allow spell checking didn't switch off automatic spelling correction when running on macOS 10.12 and later.
- URL filter now treats query strings consistently between SEB macOS 2.1.3 and Windows 2.2.1.
- Implemented new URL filter query string condition: If "?." is specified as query, then SEB enforces no query.
- URL filter now ignores "about:..." URLs. These can be blocked explicitly if desired.
- Fixed URL filter didn't work correctly with Javascript open links by only closing the new window if the URL of the main frame wasn't allowed (applies only if content filter isn't active).
- Changed "Restart Exam Button" to "Back to Start Button" and added disclaimer about not logging out users.
- Fixed modal lock when webpage tries to download a font by sending an Return key event tap, which closes the dialog (invoking the button "Skip").
- Added setting to disable Siri.
- Added setting to disable dictation.
- No longer changing screenshot location on OS X 10.10 and later, as SEB's windows are not captured on screenshots anyways.
- Now loading SEBClientSettings.seb also from the /Library/Preferences directory: This directory is valid for all users on a Mac and usually only writable with administrator rights,
- Reconfiguration is now done seamlessly before initializing and opening the browser.
- Implemented functionality for separate Allow Reload / Show Reload Warning / Allow Navigating setting for exam and new tabs: Hiding navigation and reload buttons in toolbar and enabling navigation with Cmd + cursor keys according to settings.
- Added confirm quitting option for Quit Link.
- Now respecting setting "enable right mouse button": Allows to use the right mouse button/context menu according to setting key enableRightMouse. This only has an effect in Javascript, browser plugins and video players etc. (not on regular website elements).
- Updated default Start URL to "https://safeexambrowser.org/start".
- Fixed: Sometimes (directly after starting) new browser windows open on screen which isn't allowed, by opening new browser windows always on the main screen.

- Now blocking Predictive Text in TouchBar during an exam.
- Fixed that double clicking a .seb config file several times could lock SEB.
- The About SEB splash screen now cannot hide alerts and lock SEB if those were displayed modally.
- The screen sharing detector now also works correctly when connecting to a Mac using Apple ID (Back to My Mac).
- Added checkbox to lock screen to override security check and unlock SEB, even if screen sharing is still active. Displaying info about overriding security check in HUD (in red text color).
- Fixed lock screen windows could be opened twice (for screen sharing and user switch) which would make it impossible to unlock again.
- Fixed names of running processes in log were truncated after 16 characters.
- Now adding "Version xx.x.x" string after "Safari" in user agent string.
- Improved logging when starting SEB: Now starting to log (with log level Debug and at standard log file path) regardless of current settings directly after SEB starts up, before local persistent settings are initialized.
- Again fixed a bug when SEB could kill itself when a space switch occurred, this time correctly.
- Fixed opening seb(s):// link wasn't working when temporary browser window (for authentication) was open and SEB was restarted after editing preferences.
- Added one point to menu bar height to keep a black edge between menu bar and browser window.
- Fixed a compatibility issue which caused SEB 2.1.2 to crash immediately when started on OS X 10.7.