**SEB 2.1.13 for iOS Preview Version**

If your are interested in testing SEB for iOS preview versions (using the Apple TestFlight app/service), you can send us your contact details by private message in our discussion forum (as GitHub doesn't support private messages) or by email to info at safeexambrowser.org.

Please give feedback through TestFlight, in our forum or by creating an issue here on our GitHub page. 

To be tested in build 11840:

Please test the new SEB 2.1.13 features mentioned below and their compatibility with the desktop versions of Safe Exam Browser. The new Config Key can be tested by using the prototype for a updated Moodle plugin (documentation will be added soon).

Version 2.1.13 adds important SEB features which were missing in the iOS version until now:
- The Browser Exam Key and the new Config Key hash values are generated by SEB for iOS and send with HTTP requests (if enabled in Settings/Exam Session). Compatible assessment systems can use these hash values to verify that an exam is accessed with an approved version of SEB and deny access to the exam if a regular browser is used, if SEB is used with wrong settings or if a manipulated version of SEB is used.
- SEB for iOS generates the same Config Key for a SEB config file generated with SEB for macOS 2.1.4pre2 or newer. The config key doesn't change if an updated SEB version is used (even if a new SEB version introduces new setting keys).
- SEB for iOS now supports the URL filter feature to restrict access to websites/pages/web resources. Use the desktop versions of SEB to generate config files containing such URL filter rules.
- SEB 2.1.13 uses the full native resolution when running on the new iPad devices with Face ID.
- SEB for iOS now saves log files according to the options in Settings/Security/Logging (enable logging, log levels). It's possible to email those logs using a button accessible in the "About SEB" view (scroll to the bottom of the copyright text) to the SEB developers or to yourself.
- Improved reliability of MDM Managed Configuration, for example when receiving a new config from the server when SEB isn't running, in the background or if alerts, in-app settings or initial configuration assistant are displayed in SEB.
- Added options for links requesting to open in new tab (see Settings/Browser Features), compatible with SEB for macOS.
- The Quit Link feature can now optionally restart an exam session instead of quitting it (Settings/Exam Session).
- Exam sessions can now optionally be reconfigured (see Settings/Exam Session) before having to first quit the running exam session.
- Clearing of session cookies can now optionally be disabled, allowing users to stay logged in if they already were in a previous session (Settings/Exam Session).
- Deep linking for exams now also works with sebs:// links (in addition to Universal Links, see Settings/Exam Session).

Not yet functional in this beta build:
- Browser Exam Key will be different if SEB is updated and the new version introduces new setting keys (this will no longer be the case in the final release version).
- Support for encrypting config files with identity certificates (and embedding these in client config files) is not yet available.
- Automatically create and embed identity and auto-select it for encrypting exam configs is not yet available.
- Setting for log level is not yet functional, currently always the Debug level is active.